# CS350
Projects from CS350 - Emerging System Architecture and Technologies

**•  Summarize the project and what problem it was solving.**
This project aimed to develop a prototype of a smart thermostat using a TI CC3220SF Launchpad board in a way that would demonstrate specific functionality requested by the client. These features would demonstrate a low-level thermostat’s capabilities. The board used for this project supported various peripherals that mimicked a smart thermostat in the context of this project. Such functionality includes the use of a TMP006 temperature sensor via I2C, a GPIO that supported the turning on and off of an LED to portray when the heat would turn on, buttons on the board that would increase or decrease the set temperature through GPIO interrupt, and the use of UART, which mimicked the process of sending data to the cloud from the thermostat. 
•  What did you do particularly well?
Throughout the project, I found that I typically spent the most time of designing or mapping out the system and logic used. In total, I probably spent 70% of the time designing the project and its functionality with the remaining 30% used for the actual programming. I feel the overall design of how this project works is elegant and designed well. 

**•  Where could you improve?**

With that said, I do feel like there are areas I could improve quite a bit. One of those areas is just having a strong foundation of an understanding of how the technologies used in this project work. I have a general conceptual understanding, but when I start getting into some of the details, my understanding begins to fall apart or become less consistent. Additionally, I would like to improve upon my ability to read through documentation. I typically feel like I am running into a wall when I try to read very dense written material, which is typical of technical instructions or documentation for something such as an embedded system. I know there is information to be gleaned from reading it, but I struggled with getting through any of it throughout this course and would like to improve that a lot more in the future. 

**•  What tools and/or resources are you adding to your support network?**
Regarding tools and resources I’ll be using in the future, I’m not entirely sure there is something new I gained from this project. As I mentioned earlier, I would like to be able to review and reference technical documentation at some point, but it’s not really a format that works well with me at the moment, so I’ve leaned into other options. I think the main resource I would likely use again is just an online forum. 

**•  What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects and/or course work?**
Some of the skills I picked up in this course is to just recognize what works for you. I didn’t touch zybooks and honestly just tried to speedrun the questions because of how much I dislike the content and platform. I know I don’t do well with zybooks, so instead of sinking time into it, I focused on other resources and experimentation instead. Designing a project is also something else that really solidified throughout this project and is an incredibly valuable skill that can be transferred to other projects in the future as well. Lastly, just being a lot more conscious of memory and other common issues in embedded systems helps optimize how someone codes and designs other projects, even outside the world of embedded systems and such.

**•  How did you make this project maintainable, readable, and adaptable?**
The code I used in this project displays qualities that support it being properly maintained, readable, and adaptable. I made an effort to separate the code into defined functions that have clear names and purposes. This helps ensures the project itself is more modular and can easily be read without misunderstanding what a particular function does or what a particular flag is for. The combination of modularity and clear names contributes to the project being maintainable and readable. Additionally, I used consistent formatting throughout the project and included detailed comments to explain what a particular line of code was doing. I made an effort to keep specific variables at a particular scope as well, to prevent using global variables for everything. An example of this is for the “ticks” variable in the timerCallback function. The variable is static and initialized within the scope of the function. 
